[OUDS] feat: Add "Elevation" tokens, utilities and documentation - new version (#2741)
Orange-OpenSource/Orange-Boosted-Bootstrap: site/content/docs/0.0/utilities/shadows.md

toc: true
---

{{< callout info >}}
Box-shadow styles are referred to as elevation in the design system.
{{< /callout >}}

## Examples

> While shadows on components are disabled by default in OUDS Web and can be enabled via `$enable-shadows`, you can also quickly add or remove a shadow with our `box-shadow` utility classes. Includes support for `.shadow-none` and new semantic helpers.

Reviewer: > While shadows on components are disabled by default in OUDS Web and can be enabled via `$enable-shadows`,

We don't have components yet. So either we remove this sentence, or either we mention `$enable-shadows` in the documentation (other parts of the docs should be uncommented)

toc: true
---

{{< callout info >}}

> Box-shadow styles are referred to as elevation in the design system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Box-shadow styles are referred to as 'elevation' within the design system.
```
